REDIR(1)
========
:doctype: manpage


NAME
----
REDIR


SYNOPSIS
--------
*redir* 'FILE' 'COMMAND'...


DESCRIPTION
-----------
Have you ever wish you could run:
     *frob foo.txt > foo.txt*
and have it work? This script removes the need to explicitly manage
ouputting to a temporary file yourself.

*redir* runs the given 'COMMAND' with the replacement specified below,
redirecting the output to a temporary file (in */tmp/*). After
'COMMAND' finishes execution, the temporary file is moved to 'FILE'.

'COMMAND' undergoes "filename replacement" before being executed. Any
argument which is a single *@* character (named after Make's *$@*) is
replaced by 'FILE'. If *@* never appears, then 'FILE' is passed as the
last argument. (In other words, *redir* 'FILE' 'ARG1'...'ARGN' and
*redir* 'FILE' 'ARG1'...'ARGN' *@* are equivalent.)

Both standard output and standard error are redirected to the
temporary file. The interleaving between them are whatever Python's
*subprocess* module guarantees; 

For example, the following commands will sort *foo.txt* using
different options to *sort(1)*::
    *redir foo.txt sort*
    *redir foo.txt sort @*
    *redir foo.txt sort -n @*


BUGS
----
The only known bugs are two usability issues. The first is that it is
not possible to *not* pass 'FILE' as an argument to 'COMMAND' and the
other is that it is not possible to pass a literal *@* as a single
argument (i.e. there is no way to escape the *@*).

There are also a couple missing features. (Sometimes the line between
this and bugs is thin.) For instance, there is currently no mechanism
for passing 'FILE' to the subprocess as standard input, or no
mechanism for choosing to redirect only standard output or only
standard error.

Please report any problems you encounter to *driscoll@cs.wisc.edu* or
the Github repository *https://www.github.com/EvanED/redir*. (Feature
requests are welcome too, but may not be acted upon. Feature requests
with patches are even better. :-))


COPYING
-------
Copyright \(C) 2011 Evan Driscoll. Free use of this software is
granted under the terms of the Apache License 2.0 (see LICENSE.txt).
